Add documentation for rebasing autoscaler and revendoring MCM in FAQ (#63)
gardener/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md

```
require (
  ...
  github.com/gardener/machine-controller-manager vX.Y.Z # the new version
)
```

If you are interested in vendoring MCM from the local-system or personal fork for testing, you can also add the `replace` section in `go.mod-extra` as shown below. 

```
// Replace the <$GOPATH> with the actual go-path. 
replace (
  ...
  github.com/gardener/machine-controller-manager => <$GOPATH>/src/github.com/gardener/machine-controller-manager 

  // OR you could also use the personal github-handle.
  // github.com/gardener/machine-controller-manager => https://github.com/<USERNAME>/machine-controller-manager/tree/<BRANCH_NAME>
)
```

#### Step 3:

Setup the local-environment:
```
git clone https://github.com/gardener/autoscaler.git
cd autoscaler/cluster-autoscaler
git remote add origin git@github.com:gardener/autoscaler.git

git checkout machine-controller-manager-provider
git pull origin machine-controller-manager-provider

git log | grep "Updating vendor against"  # Please save commit-hash from the first line of the output, it'll be used later, eg: 3eb90c19d0cf90b756c3e08e32c6495b91e0aeed

``` 

> 

Reviewer: Step 3 should probably be moved above step 2?

Author: Sure, sounds good. Done.

#### Step 4:

This fork of the autoscaler vendors the [machine-controller-manager](https://github.com/gardener/machine-controller-manager) aka MCM from Gardener project. As the MCM itself vendors the `k8s.io` in it, we need to make following change to the [`update-vendor`](https://github.com/gardener/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/hack/update-vendor.sh) script:

Disable the check of implicit-depedencies of go.mod by commenting out following code in the update-vendor script.

```
#  if [[ "${IMPLICIT_FOUND}" == "true" ]]; then
#    err_rerun "Implicit dependencies missing from go.mod-extra"

> #  fi

Reviewer: Do we require this? I was able to vendor without this. Or maybe we can move it as optional step if you feel it's required at times.

Author: I made it `Optional` now.

```

> Populate the `K8S_REV` variable in the script with the commit-hash you saved above, as `-r` flag of the original-script in the command-line doesn't work for few environments. Eg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Populate the `K8S_REV` variable in the script with the commit-hash you saved above. 
Also `-r` flag used by `xargs` command of the original-script in the command-line doesn't work for few environments, remove this flag out before running in these environments.

`xargs -t -r go mod edit` --> `xargs -t go mod edit`
```

Author: I am actually referring to this flag: https://github.com/gardener/autoscaler/blob/machine-controller-manager-provider/cluster-autoscaler/hack/update-vendor.sh#L33 of the script, and not of `xargs`.
- Issue with `xargs` seems to have been fixed upstream already.
